Ran at the last minute. It
happens. No worries. I
appreciate it. So I have been
given a rock this quarter for
marketing Swatch fulfillment
requirements and that's pretty
much what I have. I don't really
have any additional information
outside of basically what I put
in the the meeting invite. Umm.
And so I am hoping that you can
give me some.
Background. I have not been
given an IT ticket for this.
Have you?
Filled out a ticket.
There were a few IT tickets put
into the system a while back.
To upgrade the marketing
fulfillment warehouse in order
to be able to be incorporated
into the website for the memo
Swatch requests, but it's also
the entire warehouse needs to be
upgraded in syspro.
Into um.
Oh what? What's it called?
I don't know what it's called.
Um, but basically our syspro
system is the old.
And analog kind of a deal where
everything is very manual, very
everything is very physical kind
of a deal. We don't have been
locations or allocations, we
don't have barcodes for our
separate items and that sort of
thing and it's we need to be put
into the system just like the
distribution warehouse.
Upgraded to that system. I know
it's.
What is it called?
Unfortunately I can't help you
there. I'm pretty new to um to
SC. I've only been here.
Now.
A handful of months.
Time flies, but it's still
everything is still very new to
me.
So I am not even abreast of the
old tickets. So if you could
pass me along those ticket
numbers that you have so that I
could try to look at them if
possible or try and find them,
yeah.
OK, let me write that down. I
don't know if I can find it
while I'm in this meeting,
though. That makes sense.
So really, what this meeting,
what this meeting is about and
what I do as a DBA, I'm not sure
if you've ever worked with one
before, but I will gather the
requirements and put them into a
requirements document to ensure
that everything that is passed
off to IT development is what
you need to meet either the
entire project or this
particular portion of the
project. This is not something
that will be done all in one
quarter. Typically I'll take
1/4.
To get the requirements
documented that may include
screenshots or videos etcetera
of whatever the issue is,
whether it's an enhancement, a
problem that needs to be solved
or if if it is new I'm
development work that needs to
be done. And then in the
following quarter what tends to
happen is once you've signed off
on the documentation then I pass
it over to IT development bin
and catheter, we have a
discussion about it.
Tend to bring you in into one or
two or multiple meetings and
make sure that everybody
understands what's being
requested and then it
development will schedule the
actual work to be done. So I
know that that is a bit of a
different process than what has
been done in the past. So kind
of what I do in this initial
meeting is get you to tell me
the background of in this case
it sounds almost like it's not
an enhancement.
Well, but maybe it sounds like
you're already doing something
and it needs, is this automation
or is it that it just needs to
mirror distribution?
Umm.
A little bit of both. I think
it's a little bit of both. So it
is definitely in enhancement
because it will definitely
upgrade our system and make it a
lot more.
Flowable I guess is a a good way
to put it. Um.
Instead of having everything to
be done individually and
manually, like putting in
inventory into the system, right
now we have to do that very
manually. And instead of being
able to like say for instance,
the distribution center, when a
truck comes in, they can scan
all of the items and then put
them into specific bins and that
will automatically update the
inventory to say, oh hey, we
just got 10 chairs.
Off of the truck and they are
now in the system under B1O3.
OK, alright. So can you walk me
through because I have not seen
the tickets. Can you tell me
what is the main issue that
brought up even this rock for
me?
What? What, man? There are two,
actually.
Being able to follow the ticket
process from order entry, order
receipt, or order received order
entry.
Order printed and in the
warehouse to order completed and
shipped to order invoiced, being
able to actually follow that
path from a customer's
standpoint and from a customer
service standpoint, Umm, we
definitely need that. So what do
you mean by following define
follow for me?
Where when you look in into an
order.
For say distribution, you can
tell that so and so has that
order. It has been printed and
they are in the process of
picking it. And you can actually
see when each item gets pulled
and then it also changes the
status like status 1234, so on
and so forth 8-9.
When it is actually scanned onto
the truck and loaded onto the
truck and completed on our end,
it is scanned and you can
actually see that status will
automatically change and update
instead of being in the
warehouse it is.
Um, shipped.
So this is in syspro. Syspro.
Yes ma'am. OK, and how? How do
you currently know the stages
that a Swatch is in? So
currently you don't. There is
only status one, status for and
status 9.
As of right, how are you? How
are you notified when it goes
from status 1 to 4 to 9?
Status one to four when I
personally or a member of my
team print the pick ticket.
And then it goes to 9 after we
have completed it and shipped it
and we take it to accounting and
Miss Ellen invoices it.
So when you say take to
accounting, do you mean
physically or do you mean
e-mail? OK, yes, physically.
Take a stack of papers.
For the day to her so that she
physically types in each order.
And changes the status from
status 4 to status 8 and
invoices it out.
She's changing insist bro from
status 4 to to 8 or 9 to 8-9 to
9.
Yeah, if there is an issue with
it and she's not able to
completely close it out, she
does change it to status 8.
We're just. I'm not 100% sure
what the actual verbiage for
status 8 is, but I think it's
just in accounting.
And so and then does she. So
when you look at this throne,
you see that it is now at 9 from
4 then you know that that then
has been fulfilled and it is, it
is gone out to the customers
that. Correct right. And it is
complete. Yes, ma'am. OK. So
then when you say that you want
to be able to follow, you're
looking at what screen is this,
bro?
Um.
Order maintenance.
So where within order
maintenance would you like to
see updates?
Or is it that you would like to
receive automated emails?
Or some combination of the two.
What would be considered a
solution for you? A combination
of the two because a lot of
times it is an actual customers
account that has ordered a set
of swatches, a catalog or
something along those lines and
them receiving an e-mail of hey
your order has been is in
process of being packaged and
shipped and then receiving the
e-mail of hey it is shipped.
Here's your tracking number.
And so these are external emails
that you are like, yes.
So external to the customer.
And then within Syspro you would
like it to automatically update
as it is going through the
process without the manual
intervention. So can you tell me
exactly what the steps are that
you would like to have updated
within syspro? So for instance
when the order is received and
syspro in the order maintenance
screen you would like to see
what?
Um so right now for that
particular leg of the journey it
is OK. I have a report in access
customer service that I can type
in and put in like I want to see
all the status one orders from
the MKT warehouse and it it will
pull up it will generate a
report. So as soon as it has
gone through order entry I get.
Visualization on it.
And then I go into Step 2, order
entry is received step one.
What are? What are? What are
these steps?
So the actual steps are the life
of a request from from marketing
fulfillment is that a either a
customer or dealer or sales Rep
goes into ecat?
And places in order and then
submits it. Slash confirm
confirms it and then it goes to
order entry over in customer
service. So.
And what happens at order entry
and customers order, order
writing and then order received
and then order entry updates it
from just a confirmed order?
Umm, and I'm not sure what they
actually call it. You'll have to
actually ask one of the customer
service order entry associates
what it is that they do, but
they switch it from a.
Hypothetical order into a
physical actual order, and it
receives the.
The order number like the 200
dash blah blah blah blah or 220
dash blah and that so they
change it from the reference
number to an actual physical
order number. And where do you
see that?
I don't see that particular part
of it. I don't get the reference
numbers and I can't look up
reference numbers. Personally, I
can only look up order numbers.
Would you like to be able to see
it at that point?
Honestly, I'm not 100% sure if
it's necessary for me to see it
as a like a hypothetical 1,
because if it was a reference
number and it wasn't like a full
physical order, I wouldn't be
able to print it. I wouldn't. I
wouldn't be able to do anything
with it. So this is prior to it
coming to your team.
Right, right. OK. All right. So
then once it goes through order
entry and customer service, then
the next step is then it is a
status one order.
Is on my report.
And then I go through and I
release the necessary inventory.
Umm, you're nice.
There in Syspro back order
release and then release
reserved inventory. OK. So we
have to do those two steps.
And then we go into order
maintenance and we put in each
individual order number one at a
time. Obviously double check to
make sure that everything on
that order has.
The same number of order
quantities as to ship
quantities. Make sure that those
those match up and everything
looks good on the order and if
it needs money that it's been
paid for, if it hasn't been paid
for, we send it back to
accounting and say, hey, can you
go ahead and charge this account
for whatever it is because we
only have like a few items that
actually cost money. Pretty much
all of our items don't cost
money like a catalog is free. A
full set of swatches however,
can be $850.
$3000 to.
However much and sometimes the
customer actually does get them
for free if they have qualified
for a free set. So it's kind of
like making sure that that's.
Buttoned up nice and neat.
Um, and then after, you know, we
make sure everything's good to
go, we hit end order and then
print and then print and then
print a couple of times because
it asks you like three or four
times. Are you sure you want to
print this order? So we print
the order and then it is in
status 4.
And then one of my team takes
the physical paper order.
Umm.
Wait, let me, let me turn off.
My.
I can see the paper that you're
holding. OK. So sometimes it
goes away, sometimes.
Higher. It goes away, but I can
see it now. Yeah. Picking
ticket. OK, yeah, we have the
pick ticket. We take this and it
will have.
The end well the the actual
items listed on it, and we have
to physically go and select
whichever one of those items it
is.
And then um.
Once we've collected all of the
items and we've packaged them
up, we then go to two ship.
And we have to physically type
in the ship to address
information.
All of like the weight of the
box, the dimensions of the box,
and then the reference numbers
and the order number on to the
actual 2 ship program and then
we hit print and we make a
label.
Um, put the label on the box or
envelope of the items that are
being shipped and then that goes
on to either a FedEx Ground
truck, FedEx Express or UPS
truck.
And then um.
We put the tracking information
from the shipping label because
there's two parts to a shipping
label. There's a tracking
information like a small little
bit and then there's the actual
label that goes on the box. So
the tracking information we put
on the second page of the pick
ticket because it's prints 2
pages, one goes on to the actual
item box that's going to the
customer so that they have a
copy of. It's like a packing
list.
Kind of video and then the
second page with the actual.
Tracking information sticker
this is what we take to
accounting and then Ellen goes
in and types in the order number
and then she types in the
tracking information.
And I think the date that it
actually shipped out and then
she changes it from status 4 to
status 9 and completes the
order.
OK, so.
Have five general steps. I
understand there are some sub
steps underneath there. Within
these steps it sounds like you
would like to have automated
updates since this pro where the
status changes so that you know
which point it is at in the
process fulfillment process. Is
that correct?
OK, so from what I have been
told from distribution.
And it's more working with the
small partial.
Does division of distribution
OK? I can't remember her name
that works there.
It used to be D, but it's not
dead anymore.
Anyway, that's not important.
Um, so.
Which when she gets a pick
ticket it's insidious 4, but as
she works on it the status
changes when she has collected
all of the items it says like
all it goes to like I think
status 5 or 6 or something like
that. I'm not 100% sure.
And then when she like her pick
tickets have a barcode like
right here I think and she can
scan that barcode with the two
ship program and it will
actually populate the ship to
information and it will populate
the box information like the
weight of the boxes.
And all that stuff, and our
skews do have that information
in the actual system, like all
of our SKUs have, how much it
weighs, what the box dimensions
are.
So that it would be able to
populate that into the two ship.
So what she does is she scans
the barcode on the ticket with
two ship.
And it automatically generates
all of the information needed to
make an actual shipping label.
And that also went once she hits
ship.
Into ship, it again changes the
status of that order to say that
it is shipped.
That the label is created and
that it it it is in motion to go
to the actual customer and that
is what you would like future
state for that part. Everything
else is working well, you just
need that part to be updated,
correct?
Right. OK. And so that's for
being able to follow within
syspro the ticket process from
beginning to end the entire life
cycle. So you said that there
were two main issues. So that
was the first one is the 2nd.
The second issue is that they
want to be able to order fabric
memos and fabric swatches
directly from the website and
have it work with syspro.
And create an actual syspro
order, kind of like how on the
ecommerce sites right now if
they order like a chair.
It creates a syspro pick ticket.
With that chair and the
customers shipping information
and all of that stuff so that
the distribution knows that,
hey, I need to pick this chair
and ship it to the end consumer.
OK, so when you say order from
website, what website are you
Speaking of?
The new up and coming summer
classics.
Website that portion you're
going to need to discuss more in
depth with Tom.
What is his last name?
Yeah, there you go. Thank you.
For some strange reason, I
wanted to say Adkins, but that's
not right. That's another
person.
Um.
So you'll have to talk with Tom
Asher or Dondy. Dondy is
apparently very.
Like this is developed deep in
that section.
OK, so that's our developer.
Yeah, OK. So in order for him he
will need the requirements, so.
Tell me, I know I'm not familiar
with a fabric memo. What is
that? A fabric memo is a small 5
by 5 piece of fabric that comes
on a card that has all of the
fabric information on that card.
So we send them to in consumers,
dealers, designers, all those,
all the people so that they can
look at the fabric and make a.
Race as to what they would like
to actually order, making sure
that the feel of the fabric is
correct, making sure that the
color is going to match their
drapes, their carpet.
Grandma's 5 by 5 inch.
This one because I would have
considered that a Swatch. So
it's a Swatch. A Swatch is an 8
by 10.
That.
Of, um, fabric samples. So the
full Swatch set actually has all
of the swatches, all of the
fabric options that an
individual line carries.
OK, so can you or do you always
order a full set or do you order
partial? They are wanting to be
able to order partials. Yes
ma'am.
And we have inventory and stock.
Of those as well.
But as of right now, there is
not a way to order that through
the system.
You can currently only order
full set, full Swatch sets, OK
right, alright, so they want to
be able to do that through the
website, so.
Future state? What would that
look like for you? What would be
the process that you would
expect to see? What would you
consider a solution to that
issue?
So currently we receive online
emails from the memo ordering
that is currently on the
website. Umm, I said that wrong.
That that that didn't make any
sense. It's late in the day that
was not English. I mean, it was,
but it wasn't.
So when a currently when a
customer goes online they can
order memos that way, but it
comes to us through an e-mail
and there is no way to track and
inventory that. And the customer
is not put into the syspro
system or the sugar system. So
that there is no way to
currently see the conversion
rate from a customer ordering a
memo sample to eventually
possibly.
Ordering a chair or a couch and
they want to be able to see and
follow that conversion rate. So
that's why they want it to be
able to, instead of coming to me
as an e-mail, they want it to
come to me as a syspro order.
So we need to convert the lead
basically, yes. So you need to
convert the lead into a
potential customer.
In order to track.
Is that correct? So that in
that, so if that potential
customer then comes back, you
can pull up the information and
notice that they order Swatch, I
don't know, 549 or something.
Yeah, previously correct. And
then you can see whether they're
actually gonna order 549 or if
they wanna completely different
way or if they never come back,
how long it takes them to come
back, etcetera, right where
they're coming from, all that
customer information
demographics?
So really there's like four or
five different things that all
of this benefits.
Fill them out for me so I can
make sure that I have them
correctly.
Yeah, because I do have to list
the benefits as well, yeah.
Be definitely being able to
track conversion from memo order
to product order, being able to
have better customer visibility
on their sample orders.
So that they'll know like where
it is and like what stage of the
process it's at.
Being able to keep a better
inventory of usage of how many
memos actually go out fabric
wise and being able to
automatically populate to ship
labels.
Will increase productivity for
my team?
Being able to automatically scan
new items into inventory will
definitely assist in
productivity of my team.
Umm.
And being able to fully order
memos.
Online on the new website
because without the upgraded
system, the new website ordering
memos is not going to work,
according to Tom.
Like that it's it's just it's it
won't be possible.
To order Members has to be done
in order to OK, that's important
to note.
Yeah.
So all of all of step one needs
to be done in order for Step 2.
Yep.
So can you tell me in general,
just the general ballpark about
how many people would this
affect that, that it would
increase their productivity?
My team is a team of five, OK?
5.
OK. And then also can you tell
me what are those titles? Are
they just in general these
market specialists, OK.
And I am marketing fulfillment
supervisor.
Huh.
All right. And so the only
department.
That this will would actually
end up affecting productivity
wise this marketing, is that
correct? I believe it would also
assist in customer service, both
wholesale and contract and
ecommerce as well because they
will not have to Umm, e-mail me
to figure out where the actual
order is in the system.
If it's been completed, if it's
been shipped, what's the
tracking information? Because I
do receive regular requests of
where like I see that it's been
printed, has it actually been
shipped. And then I have to go
through my emails and I actually
have to get every single two
ship e-mail notification
currently so that I can give
somebody tracking when they ask
and they do ask on a regular
basis. It's not like a once a
month.
Kind of thing. It's a it's a few
times a day.
In customer service, yes ma'am.
From customers calling in to
them asking them for updates,
I'm assuming yes.
And same for the e-mail memo
requests. I always respond to
those e-mail requests saying,
hey, we've got your order, we're
getting ready to process it,
it'll ship out this via USPS,
you you should get tracking
e-mail.
Once it's been shipped however,
a lot of times the tracking
e-mail apparently goes to like
their junk junk file so and or
they don't look for it in the
1st place. Like they don't know
to look for it. Even though I
tell them that hey it's going to
come but it's not coming from me
in that same e-mail thread and
it's not coming from
asummerclassics.com e-mail
address, it's coming from 2
ship.
And they don't know to look for
that, so I will have to go
through and find that tracking
number as well and then send it
back to them as opposed to them
just being able to like look it
up or get an automated e-mail
from asummerclassics.com.
You know e-mail like info at
Summer Classics and so the them
would be the external customer.
That is then that that you how
does the external customer know
to contact you?
Because I I when they e-mail
like when I get the e-mail, do I
have one?
Here in front of me, I don't
think I do. And you can always
forward move forward me any of
this information. It's OK if you
don't, if you don't have yeah
well, we'll be talking again.
All this up and then I'm gonna
say OK, I'm not right or wrong
and then we'll be back and forth
over the next quarter. So yeah,
so how do you reply to that
e-mail and I basically just tell
them, you know, thank you very
much for ordering fabric memo
samples. We're going to get on
that and we're going to send you
tracking and so they get my
e-mail address that way. OK. So
then the from the from the
customer side.
How am I ordering this
currently? What am I doing to
order it currently? Like how am
I able to send an e-mail? What
am I doing? Where am I going?
Www.summerclassics.com or
gabby.com OK go under fabrics
and when you click on an
individual fabric there is going
to be a request a sample button
and you click on the request to
sample button and it creates a a
shopping cart basically like if
you were on like Sephora or
Amazon or Walmart.
And it would be added to your
cart. And then once you've added
however many samples you want,
you can click on the CART button
and it will take you to your
actual cart. Then you fill out
your name, address, e-mail,
phone number.
And if you're like a business,
your business name, and um, if
you're like a retailer, a
designer, or an end consumer.
Like, you click on one of those
buttons and then you hit submit.
And then it will that triggers
an e-mail to me with your cart.
You received all of that
information into your.
Into your e-mail e-mail address
and then you respond. So I have
a question for you.
For those that require payment.
How does that occur? Do they
check out there and make a
payment?
So if those ones aren't only the
five by 5 memos which are free
up to 10 and up to 24 current
existing customers in good
standing. So if they have
requested over the 10 or over
the 20, we do have to go into
syspro as long as they are
inactive customer with like a
credit card on file or a net 30
depending upon like how they
pay.
We have to go into their account
in syspro and create a second
order and that's how we charge
them because we can't charge
them for through a credit card
or anything like that, because
we can't take credit card
information over the phone. And
also, I don't do money, I'm not
an accountant, that's my job.
If it comes in your, what does
exactly? How is that working OK.
Yeah, yeah. So if it does
require money, we do have to
actually go into syspro, type up
an order and then send it over
to accounting for them to get
payment. And that is what you
would do or someone on your team
would do that.
Which is just adds another step,
right? Which is why I was, I was
as you were talking, I was
thinking to myself wait a
minute, how, how, how was it
being, what's the intake?
Because you keep saying you're
gonna e-mail, but where, how am
I as a, as a retailer, in
customer, how am I as the
customer getting that because
you're now dealing customer
face. Anyway, my mind was like
wait a minute, we didn't discuss
intake. OK, alright. So I think
I have a good grasp of the
basics.
So what? What happened is I'm
going to write up a requirements
document and then I will e-mail
it to you and ask you to review.
You'll have editing everything.
This is a collaborative process.
This isn't like I go into a lab
and spit it out and then go. I
shipped it off to IT. That's not
what this is. This is. We're
gonna be back and forth quite a
bit and then once it where I
have Umm, I may ask you for
pictures or.
Anything of that nature, hey can
you send me an example of this
to include into the document and
once you are satisfied that I
have captured your requirements
correctly?
And you approve it, then it will
get placed over with IT for
development. And once they
assign somebody, then we'll kind
of do a little dance song and
dance again where all of us will
meet and they'll be able to ask
you any questions. Anything that
they don't understand will make
some more notes. And then once
everybody's happy again, final
approval and I will schedule it
for enhancement, development,
etcetera.
OK, OK. Alright. So I am hoping
to be able to get this out to
you next week. It's gonna
depend. OK. Yeah, yeah, I
definitely understand that. I do
know that there is a a looming
deadline for the actual website
launch. I don't know what that
date is.
But Umm.
That that is our our goal, our
end goal of by that date.
Because in order for the new
website to launch, my system has
to be able to be able to receive
those orders.
From the memos and stuff. All
right, all right, I will reach
out.
To Dondi and or Tom?
And see if I can get one of them
to tell me what the what the
current date is. Donnie may
know.
And I will be in touch from
there. Yeah, Tom definitely said
to make sure that you got in
touch with Dondy and himself, if
you had any questions about the
requirements of the actual
website and what that section of
it is. Because again, like I
don't do money, I don't do code.
That's not my job.
OK, saying.
I write it up so they so they
can so they understand it, but I
don't do it right.
Sorry, I complete the process. I
need to be able to tell them
what it is that you need and
then they can take a look and
make sure that whatever their
current requirements are for the
for the website that it
incorporates your needs from
marketing Swatch fulfillment. So
that's my soon as I can get this
written up and we can sign off
then we can pass off to them and
then they'll be able to say we
can't do that you know or we
have to do this but not that. So
we'll we will.
Get there, I will find out what
the date is and and and I'll be
in touch with you real soon. OK.
Perfect. Sounds good. Thank you
so much. And at any point you
can reach out to me, ask me any
questions. If you think of
something else, send it on over
and I'll get it incorporated.
OK, awesome. Thank you. Have a
good day. Thank you. Have a
great weekend. Bye, bye, bye.